In the didn't memoir, "Narciso Rodriguez" I believe he goes from a calm mood to a proud mood.
It starts off describing his life so far and family.
How he used to live in a one-room apartment in Cuba and how his family lives in Newark, New Jersey along with other Spanish, Cuban, and Italian immagrints.
Then he talks about the neighborhood and how together are great solidarity and friendships.
Also, a honest and hard working community mostly immagrints.
He also said, "I will always be grateful to my for their love and sacrifice."
(paragraph @NUM1) I think Narciso feel thankful and proud to be a Cuban and have such wonderful parents.
"I will never forget how my parents turned this simple house into a home."
Dear local newspaper I raed ur argument on the computers and I think they are a positive effect on people.
The first reson I think they are a good effect is because you can do so much with them like if you live in mane and ur cuzin lives in califan you and him could have a wed chat.
The second thing you could do is look up news any were in the world you could be stuck on a plane and it would be vary boring when you can take but ur computer and go on ur computer at work and start doing work.
When you said it takes away from exirsis well some people use the computer for that too to chart how fast they run or how meny miles they want and sometimes what they eat.
The thrid reson is some peolpe jobs are on the computers or making computers for exmple when you made this artical you didnt use a type writer you used a computer and printed it out if we didnt have computers it would make ur @CAPS1 a lot harder.
Thank you for reading and whe you are thinking adout it agen pleas consiter my thrie resons.


The mood of the author Narciso Rodriguez was he was always proud of his culture and mom and dad.
For example in paragraph two it talks about @CAPS1 where he lived and how he said that he "Passionate Cuban music
(which I adore to this day)". "My parents both shared cooking duties and unwittingly passed on to me their rich culinary
skills and a love of cooking that is still with me today (and for which I am eternally grateful).
In the story @PERSON2 always excepted anything and was kind and always wanted to see his parents smile.
And he was positive and honest. And he even talked about his community "It was a close-knit community of honest, hardworking immigrants
who extended a hand to people who, while not necessarily their own kind, were clearly in need." And Narciso also said
"It was in the warmth of the kitchen in this humble house where a Cuban feast always filled the air with not just scent and music
but life and love."
The man, knowing it was late, hurried home.